believe in a pic fucking drown too
piggish did everybody go Vinny pepper I
actually started recording I was about
to do the intro dig regarding the pig
they do put it if you are we ready now
can I can I start the video he fully is
the truth you gonna learn today what's
happened to YouTube y'all know me fully
got another modded video for you some
more sledge's sledge's shotgun mass
shotgun and my boy karma made this shit
man because i love the fucking
Thunderball let it for good and anything
is mixed week fuck is my mic messing up
cover up felish book hey I hear me crazy
shits honor hey I hear me yeah yeah yeah
I love now wait
okay anyway he loves to fuck about no
balls hard it yes he loves the Thunder
Bluff off ok this boy karma with me oh
you know what you know how real I am
when I realize I'm not gonna edit this
shit out I'm gonna keep this bitch going
I don't give a fuck anyways I love the
Thunder ball sucker I heard again
comment I let it throw the ball no bit
and I think I wanted to mash it up with
the motherfucking up slightly shotgun
and let me show you all these shits
first met a boy karma made this shit
like I see these bitches a band is fuck
all the elementals are the same damage
the one that's the explosive for some
reason it hits harder karma do you know
why then only because it's sent to six
floats that i can add an extra barrel
which gives it more damage I don't have
an element for explicit pride aside and
work for a living for damage this is the
explosive one right here you heard it
let me shoot these homes for you real
quick
all fucking element of course mine are
like oh fuck disguise a HP pavillion
imma shoot never but that's probably
holding two
okay and there you have it ladies and
gentlemen if you want these hoes again
this this set of weapons will also be on
the new black game say that we have
coming up after January 15 some time but
it will be in January so you don't have
to keep asking it's going to be between
january fifteenth and january thirty
first when we get everything since other
house chief looks like the 22nd or 2030
yeah and uh what karma wants to say
something real quick Bonilla karma yeah
yeah definitely hi this is for everyone
that subscribe publique yeah it's almost
last time I checked that it was
seventeen little bus 17 and a half
thousand subscribers that is way too
many people to do for someone who says
actually 18,000 but keep going okay okay
yeah for the correction at 18,000 down
they can further first one point that's
way too many people to purchase on do
sessions for so starting now with me
anyway talking about the rest of
hopefully the wrexham will go along with
it no more personal discussions so don't
message us for hey can you do me some of
this use of that Sophie you know one to
two massive to group sessions a month
which will be orchestrated by crown and
median Tucker and then every month we're
gonna put a new games today whether it
be black weapons letters every weapons
what if ever did but shits getting way
too big for us to fucking individually
go to 18,000 people so for no more that
shit knocked off yeah and then of course
man that's why you followed on Twitter's
because if crowns not doing one weekend
i'll be doing it well he's not doing it
maybe karma will do it but i mean as far
as daily I mean it's just getting
fucking out of control and then you got
grunts that don't put shit in a backpack
cuz their part dick made and they don't
listen then they want to come back to
get ammo for the attitude when the shit
disappeared and people tell them the
fucking shit needs to go
and your bank just cuz you leaving to
your backpack you dumb fuck doesn't mean
I need to come back and do for you again
so that's two times actually I don't
fuck with you okay no I mean it's just
too many people man so that's why we're
coming out with the game saves we Dupin
for the masses okay so everybody has a
chance to get everything like everybody
and we ain't screwing over nobody and
everybody should be fucking happy that
way if you lose a weapon or just reload
the fucking game safe and I mean
hopefully we'll get to the point to
where we'll have this shit on every
fucking character not just the commando
will happen on a siren or a jerk or
whatever fuck you fuck with okay but uh
they're all there it is man continued to
follow me on my twitter follow my boy
crowned clown and karma I'm gonna have
all of them down in the harbor the
description and just look out for those
days that we do actually do doop
sessions and this is like I said this is
because you know a few concept one it
for everybody as far as it's just
getting too fucking big and people
attitudes just too motherfucking either
way I still got still down for my mother
fucking sucks don't think I'm fucking
falling off that's why i'm actually not
just saying fuck y'all in a finger your
ass I'm actually putting out the game
saves with my boys I so be on the
lookout for that shit up what's up it
was one more tech more thing I I made it
to work out that strictly for borderland
shit and it's literally just my gamertag
at karma solutions like I said I'm gonna
put a link down at the bottom so y'all
can get that shit go back to my channel
you're not a fucking subscriber you
Father no fuck off shots out to all my
sons and my boo renegade we officially
are renegades and I put a fucking video
out on this shit pretty soon and let
y'all run we are officially renegades in
his mother fucker be fully signed in the
fuck out spread the word of that
breaking pitch
Oh